>> Brian Holt: So,
we are gonna go in here.
We're going to click on
the exercise down here.
It's going to take you to one of my
favorite websites, which is codepen.io.
If you do not have a Code Pen account,
you don't have to have one,
but I would suggest having one.
One just cuz I like the product, but two,
what you can do up here is
you can click Fork, and
you can Fork my examples to your Code Pen,
and then you can keep them afterwards.
I think it's useful to refer back to
code that you yourself have written.
>> Brian Holt: You saw on the previous
screen that I have the answer on there as
well, right.
This is not a test, so you can definitely
look at the answer if you are getting
stuck or something like that.
I would definitely suggest
trying to solve it, right?
That's the point of this and I think that
there's great value in pushing yourself
and particularly in those moments you
are struggling to get to the answer and
struggling to reason through things.
I think that's when you
learn the mos,t at least for
me personally that's when I learned
the most, so keep that in mind.
The other thing I want to tell everyone
listening is, this stuff is hard [LAUGH].
So if you're sitting here struggling and
feeling someone else is getting it and
you're not, it's okay.
This is definitely difficult and
I'm teaching you way too much
material to learn in one sitting so
if you're brain feels a little
squishy afterwards you are not alone.
My brain feels squishy just talking
about it so we're all in this together,
so that's just yeah,
don't be too hard on yourself.
That's really what I'm getting at here.
Okay, so
let's talk about the layout of this.
First of all you should only have to
look at the JS part of this, right?
All the JavaScript is being
run through Babble so
no matter what browser you're using you
should be able to write modern JavaScript.
And then we are running unit
test down here at the bottom.
So this is Jasmine, just very
run-of-the-mill kind of old Jasmine,
if we're being honest.
It's going to run a couple
unit tests here, and you know,
once they passed it was
turned up green right?
Something I was suggest you do just
throughout the entire day here if you
click on Settings up here, go to Behavior,
and turn off Auto-Updating Preview.
It won't matter too much in this one.
But when once we start getting
into recursive things,
it's gonna matter a whole lot.
Otherwise you're gonna crash your browser.
So definitely turn off
Auto Updating Preview.
Once you've done that, it won't just start
running the code every time you type.
What it's gonna do is it's going to
give you this run button up here.
So it's actually not going to run
your code until you click run.
That's a good trick to know.
Another thing that I will suggest
that you do or just another trick.
You can hit, down on these unit tests,
if you hit x, right, here.
If I click Run after that.
It's actually not going to run any of
the tests that have x next to it, right?
So you can see here there's three unit
tests, but it has one pending, right?
That just means that I'm
skipping it right now, so
you can kinda just focus
on one test at a time.
I find that to be useful as well.
>> Brian Holt: Lastly, CodePen has
some quirks sometimes, so if I put,
let's say I just say const
function equals thing.
Right, this is not going to compile
because this function's a reserved word.
It's going to give me a red
exclamation point down there,
which I find a little too subtle.
I wish they were a little bit louder about
it, but just, if your code's not doing
anything and you're like why the hell
is nothing happening, look for
the red exclamation point.
If you click on it, it's going to say,
I don't know what this line is.
And sometimes that error is far less or
far more cryptic than that,
just know that you probably
have a syntax error somewhere.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so those are things I
definitely wanted to get in front of you.
I found them very frustrating, so
I'm trying to Lessen your
frustration with this.
So let's talk about what I want you to do.
I want you to build a bloom filter.
You can see, up here, that I gave
you three functions, h1, h2, and h3.
You'll put in some sort of
string to this function.
So you'll call it something like
>> Brian Holt: H1("Brian") right?
And it's gonna give you back some
number so if I say console.log Brian.
Open my console here.
See if I can make that
a little bit bigger.
>> Brian Holt: Say run.
>> Brian Holt: You can see here I got 92
back from that function, right, cool?
So that's how you're
gonna do that same thing.
And if I call that again with h2 it's
gonna give me a different number.
80 and with h3 I get it with a yet
different number.
Cool, do we kind of see the pattern here?
0, that's interesting, neat.
>> Brian Holt: You don't have to care
particularly how these work, right,
it's using a library called XXH,
that's what I was referring to earlier.
And just using different seed values, but
suffice to say, you don't actually have
to care about that, just know that it's
gonna give you a number between 0 and 100.
Please make your bloom
filter use 100 spaces.
That's why I did that for you.
>> Brian Holt: And
then you need to code up two methods here.
One called add, one called check, right?
So you will be able to add
things to the Bloom filter and
be able to check if something
might be in the Bloom filter.
>> Brian Holt: Make sense?
>> Brian Holt: Cool, let's give you and
just to let you know,
this took me I think about
15 lines of code ish.
So I'm gonna give you 15 minutes to
do this, come back in 15 minutes and
we'll talk about how to do this.